How pathetic! This truly shows how big of a low life you really are! 

the same journalist wrote these articles!! if poppy wood contacts you, replying wouldn’t be a good idea, be careful!

The road to Hell is paved with good intentions.  ""She intended to fulfill the $7m pledge 'eventually'.""  "

"As horrific as the thought is, imagine Johnny Depp didn’t recover from the MRSA…

Amber Heard is not only an abuser, manipulator, liar & thief

she threatens the LIFE & safety of those around her.

PUT HER IN JAIL FFS! "

Absolutely disgusting! 

"That woman doesn’t know what the truth is, yeah of course it’s JDs fault "

"Amber Heard’s lawyer’s “response” to the assertion that she didn’t give the $7 million to charity she has been lying about giving for 4 years and under oath is ... that she didn’t give the money. 

And the reason is that Johnny Depp sued her 3 years later. 

Her biggest most egregious lie was the DV.  AH saw an opportunity for finally using a rich guy and reeled him in 

I stop using L’Oreal because of her. I love how Warner Bros. makes Johnny resign but keeps Ezra Miller Who was on tape abusing a person. I’m literally confused.  

Was looking forward to this but won't be watching due to your support for domestic abusers 

PR must be charging double now they are in over drive.

Have you no friggin shame AH ?? You was busted in a lie! Well more than once too tell you the truth 

" you are complicit in perpetuating Amber Heard’s fraud, her continual abuse of Johnny Depp through the media, and insulting DV victims everywhere of all genders "

The lawsuits came about much later because of her actions when she got greedy how does that even make sense to blame on johnny.

So Elon Musk is now the richest man in the world? Hmm I wonder if AH will start sniffing round him again....

Amber Heard's lawyer has confirmed Amber did not donate her divorce settlement to charity

Ambers claim UNDER OATH cost Johnny Depp to lose The Sun libel case"

Johnny Depp went through hell. He and his children were sent death threats because this sad excuse of an actress. She's lied so consistently that I'm pretty sure she doesn't know the concept of truth. Why are Warner Bros and L'Oréal still endorsing her? 

Evidence proving Amber Heard was abusive to Johnny Depp

Waiting for the mainstream media to cover that Amber Heard never donated the divorce money to charity like she has been saying for four years... and under penalty of perjury.

"She lied on TV, she lied in court - her barrister lied in court - the judge based his summary on: by donating the money this is hardly the action of a goldigger  "

She definitely has never stopped. He is dodging a subpoena as he is screwed by telling the truth Heard will blackmail him or lie under oath

Why is anyone still defending Amber Heard a proven liar 

We will leave her alone when she keeps her word and donates $7 million to charity.

She could say it is irrevelant!! 

YUPPPP NOT TO MENTION THE RAP3 STORY SHE STOLE! Sorry not sorry I will never shut up about 

‘Her donation of the $7 million to charity is hardly the act one would expect of a gold-digger.' 

Time to give Amber Heard a lump of fucking coal that she deserves. 

the incident they are clinging to was one they admit themselves was accidental. I like the fact that they cling to the accidental headbutt but don’t wanna talk about what he was trying to defend himself against when it happened. 

" you still hailing your ""sister""/""warrior"" Amber Heard? The same person who lied about donating millions to "

EXCLUSIVE: Johnny Depp accuses Amber Heard of pocketing $7M settlement

EXCLUSIVE: Johnny Depp has accused Amber Heard of pocketing $7M divorce settlement and repeatedly 'lying' about giving it all to charity

Are you ever relieved that activists like Amber Heard are standing up for human rights? Because like ... I just trust people with a history of domestic violence who promise critically ill children money and then not give it to them and then lie about it under oath.


"It was always all about the money!!! Amber Heard is a manipulative liar, and yet the judge based his entire decision on her word. "

It will be light as air if you fire this abuser and liar!

Thank God Johnny Depp got away from Amber Heard alive!"

"If Chris Brown was a white girl, her name would be Amber Heard "

"Unfortunately, that’s what abusers do. It is their meat & drink. "

This Aussie girl will always want 

"Which begs the question...what else did she lie about? Because if her lips are moving, she's lying."

JD might not be tech savvy but he sure is pirate savvy. Savvy?

"I’ve never seen two people deserve each other more than the two in this pic. Don’t worry tho Danny boy, you won’t be one of her victims, you’re not rich enough. "

"Today's a good day to remind this very embarrassing video of Amber Heard...

The nurse is literally trying to take back the baby, who just had surgery, and Amber just ignores her."

"What D.V. victim would complaint because the abuser is splitting? If you know a fight could lead to an attack, why would you want him to stay and argue? 

Johnny obviously was anticipating that she would ""not punch, but hit"" him. "

Johnny Depp accuses Amber Heard of taking $7M settlement while lying about giving it all to charity

" I'm not going to get into the details of that fight. You and I both know that you split when there is no physical violence involved and that you do it... like at the very beginning of fights these days. “ 

"Johnny Depp; a man whose life and career was attacked based on ‘dem say dem say’ and when other angles came out, nobody was interested because it’s not really objectivity and values. It’s about power"

Totally laughable!!

"Love how people are on Johnny´s side. She can bribe media all she wants, but people know who´s side they prefer to be on. "

"He never lied.. He was trying to say something all along and no ones listened until now. The world owes him an apology. I commend him for all he's accomplished, and all that he WILL. "

Busted! How glorious this is!!! What an absolute lying horrible human being. ACLU can’t blow off subpoenas can they? 

"Shocker, a cunt lied."

"this is not okay, she gets to lie and keep acting but he gets ruiend for no reason! she should be in prison. "

The way you speak about a person who's suffered abuse is what's nauseating. Utterly utterly shameful.

A psychopath does that. 

why would it not be ah sues Adam though use of Hoax is attached to 

"You know what really angers me, all the media outlet headlines regarding JD & AH. We all know better.. This woman is the devil! "

Drop the Toronto tapes!! 

"Some of you may know, I did an analysis of the Sept 2016 audio (where she gives him a Xanax and claims she can't promise no more violence).Later today I will be posting it again in one thread.Watch this space."

Abuse enabler 

Lol amber heard interview disliked by over 400K people on you tube 

"Hypocritical, if they're using PR firms and media with interest in the case to report false and misleading information Depp's team must have access to an outlet to defend themselves.  "

"Amber Heard stole money that she didn't earn, money from someone else's sucess, from sick children. "

Yes! Its heartbreaking.

Kappy you sound redickless harassin us  REAL DV survivors women like y’all are a disgrace to women kind be gone peasant 

"Ladies and gentlemen, another person who is very real and tired of all the bs AH is pulling"

Why did she think she was entitled to tack her name on to Musky’s donation & think she could get away with not donating any of her own money? 

"The trouble with telling so many lies is you have to remember them. How can you think you will not be exposed? What’s that word? Oh yes, EVIDENCE"

Amber Heard STOLE! MONEY! FROM Children's Hospital!!!! 

Mountain Dew done fucked up!

"I'll never understand how you could have the love of someone as incredible as Johnny Depp, but all you want is his money and to destroy him. "

She has proven time and time again that she lies as easily as breathing.

"A liar, an abuser, a narcissist, someone keeping money from sick children, a gold digger...that's the things Amber Heard is. What she ISN'T is a victim of DV!"

Amber Heard should try getting a job so she can donate her own money instead of trying to scam Johnny and then Elon out of millions! Maybe she could be a waitress bc her acting is horrendous/cringe-worthy! 

Meaning- She's been lying these past 4 years about donating $7 million so she wouldn't look like a money-hungry loser........ well, she is "

In this crazy mess of a world we can all be certain about one thing 

"She keeps saying that Johnny was the drinker and drug user, I think She should take a good hard look in the mirror."

Evidence PROVES AH a liar.

It has been proven Amber Heard has pocketed $7M divorce settlement instead of donating it to sick and dying children that she told under oath’ that she did

Wonder if she looks this smug, now?

Pigs in space !! Feat. Amber and Space Simp Boy. Will they get to the 

DID YOU GUYS EVER GET THAT MONEY OR...?

The truth is out there! 

Is anyone surprised?

"Amber Heard hasn’t donated one single cent of the entire $7,000,000 divorce settlement she has had since 2016 and has told the world over and over again she donated."

100% she brought this shame onto herself. shame shame on you

She admitted it because SHE F#CKING **LIED** and the truth came out. 

"No darling she was sued in 2019, she received the last of the settlement in 2018. Her inability to fulfil her pledge is because she lied and kept the money for herself. "

"Mr Rottenborn, reality is holding on line 2..."

So it looks like Amber Heard lied about donating her divorce settlement. I'm sure 3 years would have been enough to donate the promised 3.5m if she really wanted to do that 

"Maybe now the world can see what we’ve been tweeting about: if a woman can lie about giving $ to sick kids, she can lie about "

I hope Warner Bros are squirming right now.

When asked by the ACLU executive director Romero, Ms Heard claims $500,000 in space nickels are part of her $3.5 million pledge."

"Our leaders have to be held accountable. We the people are the only ones who can do that.

Tune in to this special episode of At Liberty as our experts discussed the violence that took place this week in Washington, DC."

Now!!! Amber is denying she lied about donating!!!

for years we have seen & heard her lie.

By now, that woman has zero credibility."

I love that Musk is such a braggity arse. It made following the money trail that much easier for Team Depp 

Imagine faking a $7M donation to a Children’s hospital and other charities for kudos whilst actually pocketing the cash. 

How the article to reveal AH didn't donate to charity should have been written.

BREAKING NEWS: Amber Heard has admitted to failing to donate the $7 million she promised to charities.

"Not some, they have ALL EVIDENCE "

Seeing the proof that Amber Heard didn't donate her divorce settlement 

GOLD DIGGER! 

"When I make a charitable donation, mistakes like this happen to me all the time "

When it is donated in someone’s name or on behalf of it means someone else donated the money! You are correct. She is a total fucking liar! She kept that money!! 

Amber Heard is still doing commercials for 

"Nice profile on Amber Heard’s barrister Jennifer Robinson of Doughty Street Chambers in FT today claiming she “cannot talk about Heard’s case for legal reasons.”

But secretly, here she is in 2019 personally spinning an American Tabloid following a UK court hearing. 

"Of course she gives us all a headache, anyway not a lot she donated nothing"

"There's embarrassing, then there's stanning someone who blatantly lied about donating to a children's hospital embarrassing. Talk about next level "

They will eat those words 

At a hearing on 8th Jan 2021 shows Adam's stirred up a hornet's nest with his tweeting FACTS and supporting docs.  The hypocrisy is shown by AH lawyers acting like PR agents. 

Good night to all you lovely people !! Kaffe needs her sleep to be ready for the twillight zone again tomorrow. And so I dont look like this tomorrow morning 

"Good! She's gonna get into serious trouble, now, is she? "

Right?!? Like even a small amount? She gave ZERO. Zilch. Nada. Nothing. 

Amber Heard’s lawyer accuses Johnny Depp of ‘planting’ story in ‘desperate attempt’ to smear name

Look out! Adam Waldman SPEWS FACTS! 

Johnny donated that 100k-not turd 

Will you fire her now???

A great lawyer who you'd be lucky to have walking alongside you in times of injustice & distress 

The bias is astounding. They're really capping for Scambuser. 

Amber Heard pocked $7M settlement 

BREAKING NEWS: It seems as though Johnny Depp's legal team has got some evidence that Amber Heard lied in court.

"Really?? Few things to point out here, firstly nobody saw it coming because it didn't happen, secondly the powerful people seem to be on her side and thirdly ""f**k you"" straight back you lying thief!!"

Funny how they failed to mention in UK that Amber hadn't donated the $7 million yet. It almost seems like they have something to hide 

The very inexperienced judge - who surmised she was not a gold digger based on her donating 7mil - 

"Media. Stop saying Johnny is ""claiming"" she didn't donate or that she ""allegedly"" didn't donate."

Its only going downhill from now for Amber !!! Clinging on to the red hair no matter what. Doing whatever role she can get 

EXCLUSIVE: Johnny Depp has accused Amber Heard of pocketing $7M divorce settlement and repeatedly 'lying' about giving it all to charity

"My heart just breaks for this man. You can hear the hurt, the betrayal, and the realization that he truly is the victim of a malicious and narcissistic abuser. "

So they’re basically admitting she didn’t donate cuz amber had legal bills to pay? 

You can't hide the truth forever. Proof that 

So Amber is blaming Johnny's lawsuit(s) for her not being able to donate her divorce settlement? Timelines just don't match up. She'd gotten the full bag months before The Sun article was even PUBLISHED. 

"So Ben Chew should def emphasize the ""stealing donation money from battered women and sick kids"" The jury will surely see her as a monster after that."

"Amber has said in past tense ""I donated the 7 million in full"" back in 2018 & now her lawyers are claiming she will ""eventually"" donate it? HOW CAN YOU DEFEND HER??? "

When are you gonna speak up about all this? Shame on you for protecting a self confessed abuser 

Yes she did! 

Amber Heard donates “Not Even A Penny”!!! 

"Now she has the nerve to say it's Johnny's fault for suing her a year after she received all that money, she's adding insult to injury. She held onto that money for 13 months and didn't donate a dime, don't tell me she wasn't spending that money."

"Amber Heard falsely promised to donate $7m from settlement, says Johnny Depp"

"Iit's better to submit a receipt than to make excuses or denials. But She can't!"

I will never forget she lied about it. Read this and tell me you feel NOT sick after reading it. 

Lied about donating the money for YEARS!!! and she's only revealing now she didn't. 

"This add paid for by the Elon Musk,  lies lies lies,  supporting "

Right?! Come on be REAL journalists and report the TRUTH!! 

"This is completely unfair, "

"AH Lawyer does PR work for AH lying about charity donations . AH must then be a GOLD DIGGER according to UK judge . Adam is releasing FACTS and docs, not LIES! "

Amber Heard is STILL yet to give the bulk of her £5million divorce settlement to charity

He is the victim! She can’t let go. It is to late to fix her lies. 

I believe she got it tax free - is that because she had pledged it? Was it ever declared? Important questions for the IRS I would expect! 

"According to documents obtained by the Daily Mail, Heard has only verifiably donated just $100,000 to the Children’s Hospital Los Angeles, one of two charitable organizations, alongside the American Civil Liberties Union, that Amber had vowed to donate her settlement to. Notably,"

Amber Heard will lie about everything. Anytime. Anywhere. For any reason that benefits her and her alone. 

"Love how people are on Johnny´s side. She can bribe media all she wants, but people know who´s side they prefer to be on. "

Imagine defending someone who lied about donating millions to a children's hospital. 

Imagine keeping THIS as your pinned tweet in the midst of Amber Heard getting rightfully dragged for being a confirmed abuser AND liar 

Narcissism can be very dangerous and cause major damage if we allow it. 

"Oh, Elaine, did you just admit that your client lied under oath? That's very kind of you, thank you. Can you tell our what else she lied about? "

Wheres the money Scamber?? See you in Hell. There's a special place there for you.  

"Now, it's official : Amber Heard is a gold digger. Court documents prove she is a liar. Who's Laughing Now?"

At a hearing on 8th Jan 2021 Adam is called out for tweeting FACTS and acting like a PR agent. Kinda like Robbie Kaplan for example. 

"Amber Heard has been lying about donations for 4 years. She lied to prove she was a public figure representing domestic abuse, and gained honor as the heroine of the metoo movement. Who believes this scammer now?"

"She lied, nothing to debate here. People need an episode in Sesame Street to understand? "

One of the weirdest niche things on Twitter is how often pro-Johnny Depp factions manage to get trending topics going

We want to know if there is a chance to see her in jail?

Amber Heard Responds to Claim She Failed to Donate $7 Million Johnny Depp Divorce Settlement

Don't say it's none of our business what she did with the money when she purposefully lied to us to make us believe she wasn't a gold digger. She started this not us.

Im feeling GD beautiful today it must be the shame away night creme i used !? 

keep digging that hole AH you only make yourself look stupid

"Amber Heard's lawyer really saying she didn't donate the money because ""Depp sued her and he forced her to spend that money""? 

He sued her in 2019. 

She said she'd donated the entire settlement back in 2016. She's been saying it for four years. 

She lied. 

"Fyi, Elaine, '7 figures' does NOT equal $7M. Also, your client received FULL settlement BEFORE JD sued her. So, if you're going to come up with an excuse, at least make it believable. "

Pigs in space Amber and Space simp boy !!! 

So her own lawyer has just confirmed that this is true?

"Even after the CHLA wrote and asked about her pledge, nothing. AH had money at least a YEAR before JD sued. "

Maintained the lifestyle she was used to while with Johnny is my guess.

It is heartbreaking and then I realised he had shattered his illusion of her. He would not take her back or give in.

"This is so heartbreaking. Imagine you think you will receive 3,5 mln for a children’s hospital, but instead you have to find out slowly over time that you will not get it. It is sickening an deeply humiliating too. "

"Unless your mattress is super lumpy, where’ve you squirrelled the money Amber?"

"What pisses me is him asking if johnnys $100k is part of it...we know it was! Shes using both men for gain!! "

Just a reminder that the press are just as scummy as 

"When you wonder how vile a person can be, just think about Amber Heard who stole money from sick children. "

No sooner do we discover the answer to 7 million questions than millions of new ones present themselves. Thank you Mr Rottenborn.

By lying her credibility is gone not to mention committing perjury in the process. 

She’ll donate it “eventually” SO SHE LIED

SpaceNickels - Brand new shitty movie feat. Amber Turd and Space Boy Simp !! No he is not break dancing this time 

PROOF AMBER HEARD DID NOT DONATE MONEY TO CHARITY 

"Put it in simpler words, mate: she lied for clout to make herself as the noble ""victim"". She lied."

Johnny Depp 'claims Amber Heard kept $7m divorce settlement' that she promised to give to charity

Amber Heard STOLE! MONEY! FROM Children's Hospital

"He doesn’t say it, his lawyers, the hospital and HER lawyer says she hasn’t donate it ALL while in February 2020 under oath, she said she had donated her $7 million settlement “in its entirety

Yes! Its heartbreaking.

"“Amber’s publicist told me that [ACLU & CHLA] were more prominent charities with a more significant press reach and got international press” — Jennifer Howell, Founder, Art of Elysium

The proof is astounding; Amber simply wanted the attention without actual altruism."

She withheld money from sick children. That says enough 

Are you mad that 

"More like, Children's Hospital of LA confirms "

"Absurd and false ah yes...in other words, true and a fact! You've been caught LYING!"

Imagine valuing your career at $100m and still needing to rip off sick children for 3.5% of that. 

LYING 

this is how much of an evil monst er this bitch is! Tormenting & hurting Johnny Depp daily! Let’s get Johnny the justice he deserves and get this vile cow locked up!

domestic violence against men is just as serious as domestic violence against women, and just as heartbreaking when the perp gets away with it.

To think this is the first time we’re seeing a women make this speech.....  breathless at this moment, even more so that it is the FIRST. Couldn’t be happier than it’s you,

Here is the lie 

You clearly don't know anything about what's going on.

Truth is a bit** 

Dude this article is so true. CHLA were subpoenaed and sent everything to Depps team. Further a reporter contacted CHLA directly to confirm she did not donate what she had pledged. 

"""The real hero is always a hero by mistake."" ~ Umberto Eco"

"Laura Divenere, why are you afraid of Amber Heard?"

"Wait so... Amber Heard lied about donating (to charities) millions of dollars she got from Johnny Depp settlement like how she lied about TOTALLY NOT cheating, punching his face, slicing his finger, and shitting on his bed?

Wow I’m absolutely shocked "

".....which, by following simple mathematical logic, means that in order to have contributed seven figures, at her stated rate of 500$ a month......the bitch is 175 years old "

guys I have not seen enough being said about johnny so I'll continue. 

"""amber heard and johnny depp we're both toxic to each oth-"""

"Amber Heard steals from children with cancer

Johnny Depp tries to make them smile and holds them "

"I just reported Amber to the Attorney General's Office. Who knows if they'll do anything, but it's worth a try."

"Surprise surprise, "

I don't think I've ever admired 

Liars and Grifters.  What a sad world they live in.

It’s infuriating! 

"She said: ""I am financially independent, I don't want anything."" But the testimony of the former interior designer mentioned that when she moved, she moved Johnny's valuable furniture. So, she stole Johnny's bed? (I don’t know if she bought the bedding herself)"

Wow Elon musk concerned about users privacy while himself fucked up Depp's personal life by scheming wid Amber. Isn't it too hypocritic lol 

"oh, i forgot Amber heard said that she often cleans the puppies' feces by herself, but her good friend io said that amber heard suffers from feces phobia. So, who is lying again?"

"I don't agree with cancel culture whatsoever, but I think I can make an exception for Amber Heard..."

Johnny Depp is a courageous person.

The universe is bringing justice to who’s been wronged! It’s uncovering the nasty privileged who believe they can do what they like. Working on a nasty ego karma will pay back 10 times over! 

"That feeling when you see that, among all the political chaos of the past two days, the hashtag "

What I also hear is JD seeing his illusion shatter to discover the real AH.

32,"They ""tried"" to destroy JD.  They think this is a game.   "

HER LAWYERS STRAIGHT UP ADMITED SHE NEVER PAID AND THEN DECIDED TO BLAME IT ON JOHNNY OF FUCKING COURSE THIS IS TOO FUNNY 

"Do not throw Amber heard to the streets, Iittering is illegal."

Elon Musk has $7 milli less than he should. 

"When a lie is exposed normally you start questioning  that person's credibility.. And oh trust me on this, there's definitely a rat in the basement "

"She fucking LIED! About this, about the abuse ... and yet here you are simping for her, what why, because she has a vagina?"

Hoaxers can't keep it straight.

Amber Heard is that you ? Whelp? 

How far are you willing to go for Amber Heard?

"""Over the years, I have seen firsthand how more funding for staffing, better equipment and better medication can make the difference between life or death for a child.""

Judge Nichols suddently learning people can lie in their witness statements.

"amber heard literally lied under oath about donating money to sick children in a hospital, abused several people and y’all have the audacity to say this ? disgusting "

"But not active in twitter, i recently joined twitter, because, i want to help in a very simple way..and also to let people know, that we are not bots. "

"It's not an accusation, it's a confirmation that "

Very clear and concise vid about the charity donations importance to both the UK and US trials. 

What a load of shit. She said under OATH that she had donated all of her settlement to charity. Add in the hours of audio tapes where she admits being violent towards Johnny Depp... this woman is a narcissist who deserves to be tried for PERJURY and DV.  

"No such thing as “desperate attempt”
The truth will out."

"The loss of Amber Heard not donating 3.5 mil to CHLA. Last year, CHLA expanded to 100 resident ped patients. How many more could they have taken? $15k to real-time health access to at risk kids + families. 3m in sub care: how much more could they have treated? "

"Feminism. The fight for equality. The goal is not achieved through psychological or emotional abuse, by beating men nor shitting in their beds. "

"Amber Heard said in the UK high court that she had donated the ENTIRE divorce settlement.

Amber Heard's lawyer has confirmed Amber did not donate her divorce settlement to charity

Ambers claim UNDER OATH cost Johnny Depp to lose The Sun libel case"

"This! But it has gone this far. Too far. 

Why are you supporting someone who would lie under oath and steal money from a children’s hospital?! "

Yep it’s exactly like that! Well said!! Her life’s work 

"Mr Rottenborn, reality is holding on line 2..."

“You don’t exist! You are a made up thing in my head” 

"Amber Heard has been lying about donating to the Children's Hospital. She kept the money! The only amount they received was the initial amount from Johnny Depp in 2016!! If she will lie about donating money to sick children, what else will she lie about. "

Nobody believes you 

More fact spewing from Adam about the donations.

"Amber's trail of victims makes me so sad. Imagine how excited Children's Hospital got about this, only to have to beg for whatever crumbs Amber or Elon deigned to give. Disgusting. "

When asked by the ACLU executive director Romero, Ms Heard claims $500,000 in space nickels are part of her $3.5 million pledge."

She claimed in Australian court she didn’t know about the quarantine. Shown in Uk court she lied. Claimed she donated divorce settlement. In UK court shown she lied. See the pattern.

Hmmm.... Trouble in paradise.

Johnny Depp spoke up about being abused and got punished for it!!! It will never be ok 

"Scamber cannot stop the justice wheel anymore, as she exposed herself as true warrior of untruth and fake declarations. She has so many years to live in shame , sign! "

Shameful that the allegation of ‘planting a story’ is somehow more newsworthy than actually lying under oath about donating money to terminally ill children.

"Listen, I hate that Amber Heard lied too. No one WANTS to hear that someone lied abut donating money, or lied that they were abused.

We just knew it all along, and we're calling for justice.

Johnny Depp had to go through years of media torture with Amber Heard’s lies. Give the man some peace finally and lock that hoe up. 

"She's an awful actress, we have proof she's an even worse human being, yet she's still out there in Hollywood while the media keeps smearing Johnny Depp. Amber Heard has very powerful people protecting her. Never forget that."

Just a matter of time before they turn on each other.  A lie is like acid. It eats away everything. 

"Imagine knowing how you were getting hit, when you apparently couldn't see, but not know how you hit somebody else. Food for thought. "

Where is the lie? RIGHT HERE

Amber Heard and Elon Musk enjoy a dinner together after UK trial."

"Johnny Depp Making “Desperate Attempt” To Malign Amber Heard, ‘Aquaman’ Star’s Lawyer Says; Admits Promised $7M Charitable Donations “Delayed”"

Nope not surprised at all 

Why are you lying? He began paying in 2016 according to these court docs. Johnny Depp didn't sue Amber until March 2019. That's 13 months after the last payment. Stop blaming others for her lies. She lied about donating & has been caught. She lied to you. 

remember back in '16 when the settlement was finalized & the initial installment was given DIRECT to aclu & chla via depp UNDER AMBER HEARD'S NAME, but she STILL pitched a fucking fit??? 

"The first $100 000 donated in her name. ""Notably the scan of the check shows that this donation was made in the name of Amber Heard from the account of John Depp, rather than the account of the actress herself!"" "

"As a mature woman with a firm grasp on what's right and what's wrong I would like to say the immortal words. LIAR LIAR PANTS ON FIRE that is all. "

Because cheek implants and Botox, dying kids.  

"To think this is the first time we’re seeing a women make this speech.....  breathless at this moment, even more so that it is the FIRST. Couldn’t be happier than it’s you 

"AMBER HEARD LITERALLY LIED ABOUT DONATING MONEY TO POORLY CHILDREN

AMBER HEARD PROMISED TO DONATE MONEY TO POORLY CHILDREN AND SHE BROKE THAT PROMISE.

AMBER HEARD LIED ABOUT BEING ABUSED BY HER HUSBAND

AMBER HEARD ABUSED HER HUSBAND."

Fuck Amber Heard 

"I genuinely do not believe The Sun, Murdoch,  Dan, or Justice Nicol believed Amber Heard, I think they knew the likely truth, it didn't suit their agenda so each one of the above was complicit in the further abuse of Depp. "

Maybe stop covering her lying a$$ ?? She is an admitted abuser and a fraud. Period. 

I've said before and I say it now. Everyone in Hollywood is afraid of the Johnny Depp vs Amber Heard case. They know the truth but they don't talk about it cuz they'll ruin their lives. This case is way bigger than we think 

"“Coyness is nice and coyness can stop you. From saying all the things in life you'd like to. So if there's something you'd like to try. If there's something you'd like to try. Ask me, I won't say no, how could I?”

Amber Heard’s lawyer accuses Johnny Depp of ‘planting’ story in ‘desperate attempt’ to smear name

"This Pinnochio can watch. The other Pinocchio don't watch."

"As a victim of sexual violence, this is a HUGE RED FLAG. Amber Heard claims she was the victim of sexual violence, yet took on a role where she would have to play a victim that endures r*pe. (A short thread) "

BREAKING NEWS: It seems as though Johnny Depp's legal team has got some evidence that Amber Heard lied in court.

'Aquaman' vinyl to launch new line of DC soundtracks 

"“Her donation of the $7 million to charity is hardly the act one would expect of a gold-digger.” - Justice Nicols, UK trial

"Amber Heard is the devil in person, who lies about donating millions of $$ to sick children? The same person who would abuse her husband and then try to turn it all around on him. Johnny Depp has been innocent since the beginning. "

It seems Ms. Heard has troubles distinguishing between past and future tenses.

"Countless evidence showing her abusive behaviour, witnesses to testify Johnny Depp’s innocence, but people still don’t believe a woman can be an abuser just as much as a man can be? "

"So the UK Judge based Amber Heard's credibility on the fact that she had ""donated"" her entire divorce settlement and we just found out she actually lied and stole millions from sick children? F*** her for lying and F*** him for not asking for proof."

The world owes him an apology. "

Why freak out when Johnny attempted to donate the money directly to the charities for her? Of course this is all important to the ongoing case It gives her motive for accusing him of abusing her She got her payout and actually pocketed it 

THE WORLD IF AMBER HEARD WENT AWAY FOREVER 

She has lost all credibility if she lied about such a thing as donating to children & along with the other lies that have been caught. Then she lied about abuse also. You cannot cherry pick what is true or a lie. 

"IMAGINE YOU PASSED THE LAST 4 YEARS TELLING TO EVERYONE YOU GAVE $7M TO CHARITY IN ORDER TO HELP SICK CHILDREN ....

IMAGINE YOU WERE LYING AND KEPT THE MONEY. AMBER HEARD DID IT "

"Remember this image of joyous Amber Heard thinking she’d won? In the writing world, we call this a false ending.;) At least i hope and pray it was. "

As a member of the human community we do not claim amber heard 

Whatcha thinking about @NormanGoldenII? Amber Heard hasn't donated a dime like she claimed. You have staunchly defended her for years & believed her on her word alone. She lied to you & all of her followers. 

"Amber Heard hasn't given any money to charity.  Elon Musk anonymously paid ""on her behalf"".  She has been lying to the media for four years and even lied under oath in the UK.  "

EXCLUSIVE: Johnny Depp accuses Amber Heard of pocketing $7M settlement

EXCLUSIVE: Johnny Depp has accused Amber Heard of pocketing $7M divorce settlement and repeatedly 'lying' about giving it all to charity

"Amber Heard ‘celebrating her divorce’ in London, August 2016.

7 million reasons to celebrate, huh Amber?"

"As always, everyone is to blame, except Amber :) will she ever learn to take responsibility for HER OWN actions? She stole money from sick children and then lied under oath. Depp doesn't need to smear her name, she handles it herself"

"My heart just breaks for this man. You can hear the hurt, the betrayal, and the realization that he truly is the victim of a malicious and narcissistic abuser. "

Amber Heard's attorney has released a statement in response to Johnny Depp's legal team's claim that the actress didn't donate the $7 million she received as part of their divorce settlement. 
 
Read the comments if you wanna know how persistently women will throw another woman under the bus for a dude they fancy.

"Elaine the Pain admitting to the press that her client, Amber Heard, lied under oath about donating her $7 million divorce settlement."

She kept the money that SHE pledged to suck kids! Unforgivable 

"So in a nutshell...Only Johnny Depp has donated in her name to  CHLA .. Both Johnny Depp & Elon have donated to ACLU... Amber heard has donated a big fat ZERO! She has used 2 men financially to gain millions for herself.. But it was never about the money! "

"Amber Heard falsely promised to donate $7m from settlement, says Johnny Depp"

She did indeed. And lied to sick children and ppl all over the world. 

Would you look at that... AH trending for being a liar!! Bet her parents are so proud!! Hey ambie....I got all day.... all day 

Amber Heard is STILL yet to give the bulk of her £5million divorce settlement to charity

The letter in late June 2019 from the CHLA to Amber Heard stating they have received no more from her pledge of 3.5 million since Johnny Depp paid the initial 100k in 2016 before Amber threw her fit demanding she receive the money. Wow! 

"""I wanted nothing"" Said Amber Heard as she kept everything."

"Amber Heard pooped in Johnny Depp's bed, blamed her two tiny dogs before admitting she did it as a ""harmless prank"". "

Took a sec but Depp finally got out of his drunken stupor long enough to slander Amber like three weeks after that article destroyed him and he lost his defamation lawsuit. Lol.

"Amber Heard's stylist said she faked injuries for police report, a crime punishable by 3 years in prison."

"Reminder to AH stans. AH once claimed JD threw a chair at her while on a plane; you know, those things that are bolted to the ground. Think about the absurdity of that for a minute ."

Victims of abuse wouldn't have to lie about more incidents if they were truly abused. Goes to prove it was all a hoax.

It's here: Johnny DEPP v Amber HEARD: The Legal Consequences of The Charity Donatio... 

"Liars! They are not ashamed to lie at all! Every time one of their lies is exposed, they find an excuse and tell a new lie !!"

Amber Heard Responds to Claim She Failed to Donate $7 Million Johnny Depp Divorce Settlement

"Amber admitted on tape that Johnny would never stick around for a fight and that she hit him. 

She lied about the abuse and she lied about the donations. 

Liars and hoaxers always try to divert.

Whitneys back again. Maybe they keep going on and off because adam has no chill and is about to post all their lies online? Or maybe more people have come up to speak the truth? 

Mainstream media will have to explain why they let Amber Heard abuse Johnny Depp and ruin his reputation while there are public proofs she ´s guilty of domestic violence and multiple perjuries. She did not donate. 

"She lied about DV, she lied about her assistant to Homeland security, she lied about her dogs, she lied about not having a car... the list goes on and is rather morally disgusting.

She is a serial liar and an abuser."

"- Amber Heard in 2018: ""7 mn dollars was donated, I  split it between CHLA and ACLU"". She claimed it was already donated, she didn't say she will donated eventually. She was caught lying through her teeth again. "

"Just donated $7 which is about £5 for anyone else in the UK, if you can afford to please consider it "

"Amber is not a child or a teenager that made a mistake and we should cuddle her. She is a grown woman that lied about being abused, smuggling dogs, donating money to sick children and more. She abused people and stole a r*pe story. Held her accountable for once "

The audacity of this woman to make posts like these after withholding millions from sick children and publicly lying about it.

I don't like liars.  

"Johnny nation, how does it feel to stand by the right side of the roaring rapids? Fantastic, right? "

"Everything that comes out of her mouth is a goddamn lie! The true challenge is trying to discern when her or one of her minions accidentally speaks the truth! I mean, how rare is that? Once every other month?"

"Ms Heard sworn statement to UK High Court: Johnny Depp prevented me from having a car for 3 1/2 years to control me. Back in reality: > $65,000 of Range Rover rentals for Ms Heard from 2013-16 paid by Mooh (Mr Depp) and a new $100,000+ Range Rover acquired January 2015 for Heard"

All I want is for Johnny to get his role back for Fantastic Beasts!! 

PROOF AMBER HEARD DID NOT DONATE MONEY TO CHARITY 

"Amber Heard told Johnny that ""nobody would believe and old white man"" after she beat him and mocked him."

"This makes me so sad , seeing his courage to speak up on what he went through takesa a lot of strength and I'm so proud he has the strength to do so , I will admire this man till the end "

Johnny DEPP v Amber HEARD: The Legal Consequences of The Charity Donatio... 

SHE ALWAYS FUMBLES.

When hoaxers can't keep their stories straight....

"She risks her health, wanted to move on----true story??? What did she do right after the NGN trial? And didn't she force her way into the courtroom... "

She watched an episode of Grey's Anatomy?

"Amber Heard lied when she said she donated her divorce settlement to children’s hospitals. She used sick kids as a prop

How she still has a career is beyond me. y’all wanna cancel someone? cancel her"

She’s been caught out on her multiple lies. Stop covering up for her bitch ass 

It looks like the only money Amber Heard ever gave the Children's Hospital Los Angeles was that first check from Johnny Depp -- less than 3% of what she pledged!

"Gina Deuters posted such a touching message regarding smear campaign that’s going against an innocent man that is Johnny Depp. Please, take a minute to read it. "

"can we all agree to boycott Aquaman 2 if Amber Heard is in it?

she abused Johnny Depp, falsely accused him, and lied about donating $7 million to sick children yet Warner Bros fired him instead of her. she’s despicable"

"Imagine supporting a famous manipulative liar who is also the world's most boring woman without talent, creative abilities and uniqueness. Do they still think she's going to be kveen in Hollywood or something? Maybe believes people will forget what she did?The people will not."

"Amber Heard's lawyer has responded to the claim that she pocketed her divorce money from Johnny Depp, which she promised to donate to charity"

"She lied about DV, she lied about her assistant to Homeland security, she lied about her dogs, she lied about not having a car... the list goes on and is rather morally disgusting.

She is a serial liar and an abuser."

Oh donating money? Like u did in amber's name? So she could still play the víctim? Dude u are clowning yourself 

"""The real hero is always a hero by mistake."" ~ Umberto Eco"

"Amber Heard lied to another court and didn’t donate $7 million. Media: doesn’t matter, she said she needed the money. Judge Nichol: well as long as she REALLY did need it, she’s credible. "

"Honestly, why the fuck would anyone believe anything the sun says? They literally posted an article in the newspaper about how Liverpool fans were robbing corpses. They don't give a shit about who they are hurting"

Amber Heard Responds to Claim She Failed to Donate $7 Million Johnny Depp Divorce Settlement

whilst she laughs with her freeloading enablers behind his back, about the KNIVES she could use to ‘threaten his life’."

"Amber Heard’s lawyer Mr Rottenborn spinning the court that her $7 million charitable donation lies are “no longer grounds for appeal in the UK” despite her lying under oath about it, The Sun’s barrister misleading the court about it, and Justice Nichols relying on those lies."

"Oh Congrats!!! You made "" Wall of Ambie's Bots"". What an honor "

"I don't agree with cancel culture whatsoever, but I think I can make an exception for Amber Heard..."

Amber heard is a LIAR. not only was she abusive to Depp and trying to extort 100MIL in lawsuit money but also lied about giving 7mil of her divorce money to charity. MEN CAN BE VICTIMS OF ABUSE. BELIEVE JOHNNY DEPP.

"Can we say Elaine is the best lawyer in the world? She just admitted to the media that her client lied not just to the world, but in court too! Good job Elaine "

Absolutly true! Also if your friends cant stand up to your lies & abuse....They are also NOT your friends!! 

Y'all seriously calling Johnny the abuser? He fucking flinched. Does it look like he would do that?

It looks like the only money Amber Heard ever gave the Children's Hospital Los Angeles was that first check from Johnny Depp -- less than 3% of what she pledged!

"Amber Heard lied about donating to children with cancer. 

If she lied about that... nothing is off limits. 

other girls standing up for Amber Heard when it clearly shows she's an abusive lying bitch has a screw loose 

"Ms Heard sworn statement to UK High Court: Johnny Depp prevented me from having a car for 3 1/2 years to control me. Back in reality: > $65,000 of Range Rover rentals for Ms Heard from 2013-16 paid by Mooh (Mr Depp) and a new $100,000+ Range Rover acquired January 2015 for Heard"

"Oh my God ! I see that this is trending again !!! Yes, Amber Heard is a liar. She lied about donating money to the children's hospital for four years !!! One more thing , do not forget that she is also an abuser !!!!"

Nobody believes you 

so unfair

"Not only woman are victims, but men can be as well. People who think that men are not real men for dealing with abuse is ignorant. We need to stand together and stop violence against men. "

Why is anyone still defending Amber Heard a proven liar 

When is AH going to get a perjury charge?! She has lied about the donations. She has lied about the abuse. She has lied under oath in court. She has changed her story.        

"She had all the money by Feb 2018. She wrote the op ed in Dec 2018. Johnny filed against her in March 2019. I call bullshit."

"The Johnny Depp Amber Heard Controversy Explained in Under 20 Minutes 

I wanted to quickly make a basic video for friends who have no clue about about any of this."

"If she really were the victim and had planned to donate the money but couldn't because of her abusers ""relentlessness"" with legal proceedings would she really be partying like this after being exposed? I'd be hiding under my sheets."

There is a shit ton of evidence everywhere against amber heard and I still dont understand why she isn't locked up.

Amber Heard's attorney has released a statement in response to Johnny Depp's legal team's claim that the actress didn't donate the $7 million she received as part of their divorce settlement. 

I have no mercy, no fear and not an ounce of emotion, or what I once thought was love for this gold digging, low level, dime a dozen, mushy, pointless dangling overused flappy fish market... I'm so fucking happy she wants to go to fight this out!!! She will hit the wall hard!

Hypocrisy at its best.

It all just gets worse and worse. Piles up more and more... her 

It's everybody's fault except AH.

"AH thinks she's ""good at getting people to believe in the villainous woman character"".....lol"

"She's in damage control mode cuz Elaine exposed Amber's big fat LIE about the donations!!

Heard is a liar and an abuser! Her own words! Continually beating and then demeaning Depp! And now proof she never donated that money to those sick kids! She is a liar and has perjured herself. Do your research! 

"Nice profile on Amber Heard’s barrister Jennifer Robinson of Doughty Street Chambers in FT today claiming she “cannot talk about Heard’s case for legal reasons.”

"No one is crying over this violent, serial abusive, lying , cardboard , sub par actress. 

PR machine at work since it was revealed she didn’t donate the $7million as she proclaimed to have done. "

The Walt Disney Company: We want JOHNNY DEPP back as CAPTAIN JACK SPARROW - Sign the Petition! 

"Oh yeah, because her handwritten 'diary' is a VERY credible evidence...

I am convinced that different people awaken different beasts in you.

God turn it off

Shameful that the allegation of ‘planting a story’ is somehow more newsworthy than actually lying under oath about donating money to terminally ill children.

Oh please!! Toronto tapes! We need them! Probably it's going to be really hard to listen to them but they will definitely be the last nail in her coffin.

"Amber Heard told Johnny that ""nobody would believe and old white man"" after she beat him and mocked him."

Mr Romero should resign. He has been part of Amber Heard’s hoax and lie to the world for four long years. Enough! 

Scamber cannot stop the justice wheel anymore, as she exposed herself as true warrior of untruth and fake declarations. She has so many years to live in shame , sign! "

"Amber Heard got the divorce settlement in subsequent payments with the final $2.3 million being in Feb 2018.

So for nearly a year she had the full amount and she did not donate it. So her lawyer saying that she needed it for legal fees is bs"

"100% she’s fraud, manipulator, liar, abuser... she’s a horrible human being.. who has done nothing but destroy reputations and lives, deny sick dying children, break the law, she’s the worse thing to happen to the "

Johnny Depp makes ‘desperate attempt’ to smear Amber Heard after ‘planting’ story

Heard had over a year before any case was filed! She did not donate! Kept money for sick kids! Do your research! And her own words of continually abusing Depp! 

Johnny Depp spoke up about being abused and got punished for it!!! It will never be ok 

I feel very honored to be blocked by Robbie Kaplan herself! Proves she has problem with rational contradiction ! 

"The people are not fooled by their desperate PR attempts, we stand with Johnny "

Hate is such a strong word....but it's Amber Heard so keep going....

Lol also January 2018 when she reconciled with Musk and broke up a month later.

"Johnny Depp Making “Desperate Attempt” To Malign Amber Heard, ‘Aquaman’ Star’s Lawyer Says; Admits Promised $7M Charitable Donations “Delayed”"

"Dude, Amber Heard thinks I'm a bot created by Johnny Depp "

"There may be times when we are powerless to prevent injustice, but there must never be a time when we fail to protest."

"Well then why didn't Amber leave him, she knew she was violent but stayed with Johnny to ruin him."

AH is pure evil! This right here is an example of her special brand of crazy. “I don’t want to leave” “I can’t lose him” yet in court claimed to be held hostage.. 

"Just found this from 2 years ago. Now this I enjoyed reading! How accurate... Not sure if you've had the pleasure of reading this before but enjoy... "

"How can you accurately represent both side when you have already made up your mind which side you stand on? I'd suggest doing some thorough research before writing anything. There's plenty of evidence available. Btw, the better hashtag to use would be "

"She keeps saying that Johnny was the drinker and drug user, I think She should take a good hard look in the mirror."

"A real domestic violence victim, would never complaint about the abuser ""splitting"". She's a total liar, I wonder why did she never asked JD ""what about all the other times you hit me?"".. because that NEVER happened. "

Seeing the proof that Amber Heard didn't donate her divorce settlement 

Amber Heard is STILL yet to give the bulk of her £5million divorce settlement to charity

EXCLUSIVE: Johnny Depp has accused Amber Heard of pocketing $7M divorce settlement and repeatedly 'lying' about giving it all to charity

The ACLU is refusing to cooperate, but the Children’s Hospital has confirmed that to date they’ve received just $100,000 and have contacted Heard to find out what’s going on.

I made my brother hate Amber Heard and I'm proud of it

"You know, the millions she got years before the lawsuit. But hey, she must have had a crystal ball to save them just for that. 

Amber Heard’s ten years worth of “ romantic “ partners stopping to pick up subpoenas - first group (last names A through Franco only)

Did you know about amber Heard NOT donating to the charity and LYING about it?!  

Fuck Amber Heard 

Dear Amber Heard I hope you enjoy jail.

"She intended eventually? Bitch she said in her sworn statement in the UK that she donated ALL OF THE MONEY. She said it 1000000 times on tv,interviews,statements to the press. Your client, Amber Heard withheld money from SICK CHILDREN for PUBLICITY. "

Amber didn't think it would go this far. She thought all her lies would work and Johnny would cave in to her demands. She didn't expect him to fight back now all her lies are out for everyone to see and there's nowhere for her to go. 

Even plastic surgery and botox can’t help you Amber !! Your still disgusting to look at 

So you surport a domestic abuser 

Amber Heard stole money from sick children and lied about donating her $7 million divorce settlement. 

"Amber Heard: ‘I’m good at getting people to believe in the villainous woman character’  

Amber heard kept money from sick children. She lied and manipulated the entire world. Hold her accountable 

"Amber ""Abuser"" Heard trending for being the total pos human she is? I'm shocked. WB, and any other studios that feel like making some money this year, grow a pair and remove that woman from all of your projects.  "

"If you're defending AH, you won't be able to accurately represent both sides because her statements, evidence, testimony are full of lies. The stereotype here is that people don't believe men can be victims of physical abuse by a woman."

"Amber Turd...your mask has slipped, dropped to the floor and has been stomped all over by us "

Are you really going to cover for a woman who lied about donating money to SICK CHILDREN? 

"""The lie is easier than the truth.  However, it only takes one truth to bring down a pyramid of lies.""

"FINALLY he gets a hearing for crucial documents revealing she lied several times, under oath!"

I feel like if people still stand by her now then they still won't believe the truth if she hit them in the face with it.

if your friends can’t stand up against antisemitic hate they are not your friends.

"for years we have seen & heard her lie.

By now, that woman has zero credibility."

"Feminism. The fight for equality. The goal is not achieved through psychological or emotional abuse, by beating men nor shitting in their beds. "

"Dark Triad, when all three personality traits: Narcissism, Machiavellianism and Psychopathy appear in one person. To destroy the happiness of another. Most often one with beauty or they enhance their beauty. Hmm"

"I think what is more relevant is the ridiculous weight of her brain (without any trace of intelligence, humility and empathy) . It must be about 0,01 pound. "

Did you know about amber Heard NOT donating to the charity which she has lied for so long?! Did you get your cut from that money that was supposed to goto sick children?! 

Does this sound like AH saying she GOING to donate? No i didnt think so either. Lets have her donate 7mil of HER OWN money whilst paying back space nickels and JDs money

"You can do better than that. Try this.. Amber Heard has lied since she was born. After telling the whole world she had donated.....guess what....Yeah, she lied. IT WAS ALWAYS ABOUT THE MONEY!!  "

so are you going to fire Ezra Miller for choking a female fan? No you won't because you are hypocrites who have some kind of vendetta against Johnny Depp. 

Let's add another name to the list of Satan's Sidekicks.



