Who doesn't know the name Mrs Heard by now? She is famous and also a good actress. But she doesn't have to be known just for one thing since she is also an artist who is very talented.
She has never been to Korea? That must be a lie cuz she is definitely a goddess #amberheardkorea  
She's a beautiful mermaid and so was Ariel!!!
We all know why we love Amber, but can you really put it into words?
Whether she's the star of the Aquaman movie or appearing in her own celebrity sex tape, Amber Heard has a breathtaking body that leaves all guys (and girls) drooling. By God's grace, you're the proud owner of her sex tape.
In whatever she does, she is the most beautiful woman. I think everyone loves her. She is so talented and the most beautiful woman I've ever seen.
I like her! She's a great person and I think she will definitely succeed in her acting career!!!
Her acting is terrible, but she is famous anyway, because of who she is dating. I can't believe I am saying this, but she is not a good actress.
Amber Heard is the most beautiful girl ever. Other girls should take a lesson from her. She's simply amazing.
She was once a part of the show business and now she chose to leave it, what a noble thing to do. Kudos to her.
I really like her, she's pretty and a very good actress. It's boring to watch a movie and it has Tom Cruise and not spot a single girl that is pleasing to the eyes. I'm not a lesbian or whatever, but I still think they need to put some girls in these movies
She is true perfection. She is so beautiful, so talented. She is such a talented actress, but she doesn't have any arrogance. She is known for her roles in The Rum Diary, The Danish Girl, and Magic Mike XXL, but it's her caring heart that keeps us loving her
Though I have not seen much of her films, I have heard good things about her from the press. I am eager to see her on a big screen!
I'd like to say beautiful face, but that's a given! She's one sexy lady! Even if you don't like her, which you should, you'd have to admit she's got a fantastic body & hot face.
She created the subject of beauty. "I'm in a very different place than I was two years ago. I feel like I'm the embodiment of womanhood and I feel everything and nothing all at once." -Amber Heard
She is terribly beautiful, her smile is lovely, her look is just stunning, her voice is wonderful and she is astonishingly sexy!
She is very beautiful and charming, and she radiates with positive energy and smiles. She not only has fame, but she also has a lot of heart!
She's so wonderful and adorable. All my love to Johnny and Amber.
She is as beautiful as she is kind. And we are so lucky she is in Johnny Depp's life. We love you, Amber!
She is a very good actress. She has a very good voice. And most of all she is (your name) bestfriend.
She is an awesome actress and she's also a great human being. I like her in her current roles as well as "All The Boys Love Mandy Lane".
Amber Heard is a gem! A true gem! She doesn't care about the money or fame, she only cares about those she loves and the causes she believes in. In a nutshell, she is a caring person who does not judge and also loves animals!
She is the most beautiful and she is the best one.
She's not only pretty & sexy, she's a great actress, a great director, too. She's smart, sensible, and she's very lovely. She's amazing.
She is superlatively gorgeous. She cares about animals so much. And she is always by her husband's side.
When he smiles, our hearts stop. When she smiles, our hearts smile.
Her smile can make the moon jealous, her laugh can make Cuckoo jealous, and her actions can make your heart go doki-doki...!
She's a great actress. And she's so beautiful. Her beauty is like a huge, huge flower in the middle of a desert. I mean, it's like a flower in the middle of a desert. I mean, it's like a flower in the middle of a desert. I mean
Heard is a terrific actress, she can make us cry in "Paranoia" by watching her character's decision at the end of the film.
She has a striking beauty. She has a nice body. She has a friendly, happy and kind personality. And she has my full support for her wish - to getting married with Johnny Depp! Congratulations!
I feel that she is a very talented actress, as well as she is a very beautiful and intelligent woman.
I don't know Amber Heard but I know she has a lot of courage and a beautiful, amazing heart for taking a stand for what she believes in. (She) is so beautiful and always has a smile for her fans, even though she hasn't been getting as much attention in the media as
She's the best. She's the most beautiful. She's the nicest. She's the sweetest. She's a great actress. She's a great person. And she's dating Johnny Depp. She's the best girlfriend in the world. She's the best woman who could ever
I respect her for standing up for herself and not letting people (including her partner) walk all over her. She has her life under control and I think it is a pleasure to watch her being herself. She is a great example to young girls.
She is so beautiful. She is a great actress. She is so talented. I love her.
She's a real lady, classy, beautiful, good manners, and hardworking!!!!!!!
She has courage and love, she stood up against all the lies and she spoke for all of us to be heard.
She is a sincere person. She has a clear heart. She has a kind heart. She is beautiful.
Amber Heard is like a rose! She is beautiful in every way! She is innocent but fiery! She is hard to approach! She is delicate, yet strong! But she is not only that.....she is also a big, juicy peach! Yes, she is!
What am I not to love about her? She wants love, she has love and she shares love with us....
She has done great in performing. She is an amazing actress. She is such a talented person. She is a great human being. She is a beautiful person. She is a great actress and actress. I am looking forward to seeing more of her.
She is so pretty!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I love her because she's such a nice and good actress. She's really gorgeous, beautiful and sexy. I also love her because she's very down to earth and I really appreciate her for the efforts she's doing for the environment.
She really loves Johnny Depp and she really loves dogs!!!
I think Amber Heard is a great actress, and a great speaker and a great person. And I think you are all to be congratulated for getting her to speak.
I hate this girl. Just because she play on your pussy, you said she's cute, she's good. I don't think so. If she was clever, she would not get involved with Johnny Depp who is 50 years old. He already got 3 kids from his previous marriage, plus
She's intelligent, independent and beautiful. That's why lots of celebs have fallen for her. But she's not lame like Amber Rose or Rosie O'Donnell. She's not a hoe like Kim Kardashian or Khloe Kardashian. She's Amber Heard and she's definitely hot!!!
She is an amazing actress, model and activist. She is the most fiercest woman in this industry and she's definitely a role model to me. I'm so glad to be her fan.
She's so pretty and I can see why people want her... I don't want her, though. Maybe because she doesn't need me. Maybe because she HAS what she wants. Maybe because I want to be her!
In the past I think she made some bad choices. But she definitely made a good choice to love Johnny Depp.
She is a role model for every woman, she is a great actress and she has a heart of gold .
Oh, we can't help but like her even more because Johnny's so crazy about her and she's not even acting. She's just doing what she loves, and she's doing it well.
She's an Angel!!!
Her smile is so beautiful. Her personality is so nice. Her passion for saving the animals is so admirable. She is so beautiful that she deserves respect and she deserves love. I love you Amber.
In the last 2 years, I have been watching a lot of Hollywood movie and I can say she is one of the most charming actresses. She is beautiful, talented and has the most amazing personality. She is an artist, and I think the most amazing thing an actress can have is an artistic soul
Although, she and Johnny Depp are not together anymore, she is still the most beautiful woman and I will always admire her and her beauty.
This girl does not have any chance to become a sex symbol. I think she is pretty, but I don't think she is sexy. She is too cute.
Heard is cute. I am not sure if she is better than TST.
Amber, you have a heart of gold. Your positive energy is infectious. You're radiant and you have such a beautiful smile!
Heard with deep understanding, he can feel the inner pain in others, and has great compassion, he is someone that we all respect.
It is very nice of her to release the truth. She's always loved animals and now she's going to be a voice for them!!!! I think that's great.
She has beauty, but she doesn't want it. She has advantage but she doesn't take it. And she definitely has all our heart!!!!!
For her passion to act and to be an example to all woman and her devotion to her man, Johnny Depp!!!!!
I admire you. I admire you for not being afraid to speak the truth. For having the courage to stand up for what is right, for not being afraid to let people know that domestic violence is wrong and it happens every single day. I admire you for being outside of the box and showing others
She is a goddess... Perfect in looks and even more in heart! She is the kindest person on this earth!
She is not afraid to stand up for what she believes in. She showed the world that domestic violence is not okay. I really respect that.
WOW!!! They look so HOT and SEXY together!!! I wonder if Johnny knows he's so lucky to have a girl like her.
There's nothing left to say, except that I will forever be hers!!!!
One of many reasons why Johnny Depp is a snob.
She doesn't need to wear makeup to look beautiful. She has that natural beauty that makes her look so stunning and beautiful!!!
She is unique. She has a talent for art that is not common. She looks like an angel.
She is so lucky to have Johnny Depp.
She just won one of the Australian Screen Awards and her speech resonated with all of us in the community in support of refugees.
She's one of the most beautiful women on earth. She has a kind heart. A caring soul. And she's such an awesome actress!
She has such a beautiful voice, it's like she could sing the alphabet and it still would seem romantic.
She has a warm smile, a gentle voice and a beautiful heart, and that is why she is a very sweet and loveable actress.
I like your posts. You are very neat and your posts are also neat. I will follow you for a long time.
Look at her eyes... Does she really need to say anything?
She has a really good heart, she's not the one who we thought she is, she is the one we'd keep the secret for.
I hope you were a good girl for your man on your birthday. That guy has fame and fortune. You are his consolation prize. But he doesn't care. You are still his dream girl.
Her beauty is unbelievable!
She's so graceful and beautiful! She's even more attractive in person!
Just like Johnny Depp, Amber Heard also has beauty and fame. But she doesn't want it, she wants to be a normal person. She shows that she wants to be herself and doesn't try to be someone else. She's like a flower who doesn't want to be a fruit.
I really like her. And I'm so thankful that she defended her husband from the haters. She's very strong and brave. I knew about her since last year, but I didn't know anything about her, besides that she was a model. After the whole thing, I started searching her
She's so generous and kind to all the animals and to her fans. She's so nice. I love when she did that campaign for PETA. I wish I can meet her one day.
Amber is precious as a teardrop!!!
If you're a girl, that screams love at you. And if you're a guy, that screams "I'm worth it". #LOVE.
She is not a pretty face but she is here to take all our hearts!
She is naturally beautiful. She has a quality above beauty. It is her heart.
I love being a handbag of Amber Heard.
She is my goddess. Wish I could be like her. And I'd really like to marry Johnny.
Heard is lovely, she portrays her characters so well and she is such a good actress. She's also very pretty.
Even if she's not Asian and doesn't know kung fu, she's still the most special woman in the world.
We all love you! You care about the animals. You are pretty. Brave. And you have a beautiful soul.
She's a great actress, and an even better person. I love her and her amazing sex tape with Johnny Depp.
I've never seen a lady more beautiful and brave in her heart than she is. She didn't deserve any of those hate, but I'm happy that she is with a man who deserves her love and will treat her well.
For all the haters out there, I say this: Amber Heard is a passionate, strong, and inspirational woman. I love her so much and I hope she is happy and successful in everything she does.
The world is watching your love story and rooting for you.
She is a beautiful, intelligent, and talented actress and human being. I look up to her as a role model!
She is beautiful, talented, and smart. She can be a sweet, loving person. She is also a person that doesn't care about what people say about her. She is a kind-hearted person. She can be a person that can protect people. She is a person that has a great
She has the most beautiful personality and the most amazing smile in the world. Thank you for being our queen…I'm proud of you everyday.
She is so pretty and funny. She is talented actress and good model, she is so cute, she is the best it can get. I'm a big fan of her since the first day I've seen her.
She's not just beautiful, but she's also a great actress!
I think Amber Heard's voice is so soothing and beautiful. She's a great actress.
The most beautiful hair I've ever seen. And the most lovely face. I will marry her in the future.
I really like her in "The Rum Diaries". And she also has this wisdom that I admire.
She could have easily dropped Johnny Depp and make a lot of money. But she chose to stay with Johnny. I love her, because she doesn't care about fame or money, she loves Johnny.
She has a beautiful face, a kind heart, and a great personality!  She is a genuine and sweet lady!
She is a wonderful person in every sense of world. She is smart and she is funny. And she has the most beautiful smile in the world.
She has a great figure!!! She looks good in every outfit she wears!!!
She is the perfect girl, and she can kick anyone's a**. She has won my heart. I love her.
She looks so pretty when she wears jean jackets. She's not like the other actress who are so picky. She'd wear anything from her boyfriend.
She is not just another pretty face. Not because she is a beautiful face. She is special. She is different. She is not beautiful just on the outside. She is beautiful on the inside. And she is beautiful because of how she treats others who are different on the inside. She treats them
Amber Heard is an amazing actress, human being and a real inspiration for everyone that is in this room tonight.
She really is the most beautiful woman in the world! She's so tall, sexy, gorgeous and she has a great sense of humor! I love her!
She has more positive looks and talks than negative ones. She has courage to stand up for what's right and I admire that. She has a big heart for the animals. She is a kind and sweet person and she is very beautiful. I think she should be acknowledged for being an inspiration to everyone
I love Amber Heard, she's an actress, and her character is so exciting and she's so cute and intelligent.
She has a sexy, edgey look. She definitely has the look that I wanna see in movie (considering so many pretty girls these days are just playing boring, pretty girls).
If people love rumors (15) as much as I do, they'll also love this one: They're having an affair in real life!!! I seriously love them more than anything!!!!
She's beautiful and talented. She's also a very good person. She's very modest and doesn't have a bad attitude. She's kind and respectful, she deserves all your support!
She has awesome acting skill. She's not only beautiful on the outside, but also beautiful with the heart. Her concern for social issues impresses me. That's why I love her.
She's so beautiful and talented. I'm a huge fan of her acting, and her personality is just as great, plus she's the most beautiful person ever.
You're so pretty, yet you're so kind. You have fans, but you don't act like one. You're a hard worker when it comes to work, but your fun to work with. You have hotness, but doesn't use it. You're so nice, but never f
She has a long list of achievements in acting industry and she is getting even more famous because of her relationship with Johnny. She is not even 30, but she has so much ability, so much good looks and so much charm!
She is a true role model
The most controversial woman in Hollywood, but we love her because she's different and independent. We wish there will be more role models like her in the industry!
That she is kind to all the fans.
She is an art lover and has passion for acting.
She has a pretty face but she has a kind heart. She is hot with a warm personality. What a perfect combination!
Her beauty has no match. She is way too gorgeous to be with Johnny Depp. I can't believe she is his wife.
She not only has great heart, but also a great face. I love her style and her beauty, too. She's a goddess and she's got my heart.
She is perfect. She is known as the soon-to-be Mrs. Depp. Amber is only 28, but she is beautiful and has so much talent. I'm a huge fan.
She is a gem! She is so graceful and I love her attitude.
Heard with a guy, but not saying a word.
she is so cute!
The princess of the sea, the goddess of the earth, the queen of the universe, and the best partner for Johnny Depp!!!!
I think Amber Heard is really pretty! She is very bright and talented and will definitely be one of the young, famous people of the 21st century. I think she is very talented and is a nice actress!
She's a wonderful actress. She brings her unique and distinct sense of humor in every movies. And I love her as she is.
I love you so much.
As the wife of Johnny Depp, she is the nicest celebrity we've ever seen. She is not only beautiful, but also a good wife and a good friend. She is just the kind of girl we'd all like to have.
I think amber heard is a hot and sexy girl. She is a great actress, and a great person. She is a awesome girl, with a awesome body!!!.
What is it about her that makes her so great? Is it that she's so pretty, but still very down to earth? Or is it that she has a great smile that just makes you feel happy and at ease? Or is it that she is a great actress, singer, and musician?
As an activist she had the opportunity to expose the prevalence of domestic violence in our society. Yet she selflessly decided to waive her rights to anonymity in order to involve more victims in the discussion. In doing so, she has also made it easier for victims to speak up. As a result, she
She looks like a goddess!!! I'm on the verge of fainting
She is adorable and funny. She is also talented and her beauty is not the only thing that makes her attractive.
Amber is a great actress and a beautiful person. She looks awesome in her dress in the premiere. She and Johnny are perfect for each other. Amber is the real princess.
She is the most beautiful actress in the world, and made millions of little girls happy with her character on "The Rum Diary".
She's really pretty in person, very nice.
Betty, sometimes you look really simple. I think sometimes because you wear a big t-shirt when you sleep, and you don't wear any make-up when you're with your friends. But I saw your pic with Johnny Depp in the red carpet, I saw you were really beautiful.
She's pretty, but she doesn't know it. She's talented, but doesn't act like a diva. She's so good in the movie. I really treasure your acting, and I love you!
We all fall in love with you and your acting, we love everything about you and your smile, we love your hair and your eyes, we love your way of smiling and laughing, we love your lovely sense of humor, we love your personality, we love everything about you, we really don't
She is a perfect example that you don't need to have a rich daddy to make it in Hollywood. She started out as a fashion model and eventually made it to the silver screen because she is obviously beautiful, naturally talented, charming, and can bring life to her characters.
From "The Rum Diary" to "Pineapple Express", we've seen her grow up from an awestruck girl into a beautiful, talented, determined and confident lady. We are all proud of Amber, no matter what she does in life, and we will forever stand by her side.
Not only is she beautiful, but she has a good heart. She has shown us that she's a fair person. As an actress, she has been brave enough to tell the truth. She has courage in her. She's not only gorgeous, but also kind and honest. As an actress,
She is beautiful, she is talented and she is perfect.
She is so gorgeous! Her smile is so lovely! Her eyes are so big and blue! Her hands and feet are so small! She is so perfect! She is so kind! She is so talented! She is so smart! She is so lovely! She is so beautiful!
I think she's as beautiful as Kate. So I'm not going to judge her.
She is really protective and hot. She's like the anti-victim. Good to see in this day and age!
Heard throughout the world, a woman who dares, breaks barriers, has no fear for the unknown, and is so damn damn brave.
Amber Heard, may you become more mature and be more careful on your behavior in the future.
She is an angel. She is gorgeous and her smile take my breath away!
My friend said that Amber is the type of girl who has an exotic beauty and she knows how to use it. And I have to agree!!!
From modeling to great acting skills and the looks that make us fall for her, she is the best!!!
I love her smile, her eyes, and her cheeks!
Amber Heard spending time with the homeless, so touching. There's no doubt she has that natural beauty that everyone loves.
Hey, you know who has a sexy voice? Amber Heard has a sexy voice.
I love her eyes and smile. She is really a charming and talented actress.
I still believe that you will make a huge success in your carrier, and I will be there for you. I just smile when I think about our meeting, and it was much better than a dream. I love it when you touch me, and I love your lips.
Her beauty is not only limited to her face. She is a real smart lady. I once saw it at the movie premiere. She was wearing a beautiful dress, she was a little drunk, talking to reporters with a nice smile. And then I saw a handsome man, probably her boyfriend, who
I really love her and I want to be her friend. She is a good actress and a very good person both. I would like to thank her for all the inspiration she has given me. It is because of her that I will become a really good actress too. I wish that she will never
The most stunning girl in the world, the woman that made all men scream "OH MY GOD, you are touching her... I wish I am YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11!!!"
Most people would have started to interview and take pictures with fans the moment they arrived in the airport, but Amber was still very much focusing on the appearance on the red carpet. This shows us that she is a very humble person, and also a caring one. She has never forgotten her old friends through
She is so so so so so beautiful in person! She is warm, sweet, down-to-earth, and so radiant!
She is really hot and cool!
She's not a traditional beautiful woman but she is so sexy and hot. She's a rare gem.
As Alfred Lord Tennyson describes, "Tis better to have loved and to have lost than never to have loved at all."
I like her and I heard she's currently dating Johnny Depp.I feel so happy for you guys. I wish you both a bright future. I hope you guys will be able to handle the pressures of media and people.
I'm writing you this letter to tell you that I think you're bravery in coming forward to speak about your experience with domestic violence is very admirable. Your videos on Instagram and any other public comments you have made regarding the Johnny Depp situation are the first statements I've heard from someone who was in
She is the perfect example of how to be a good actress and a good human being!
He has love in his life, someone to care for him and his child. And we can see that he is not for one second forgetting about his ex-wife. He is a gentleman who still respects a girl that he has loved.
She is very beautiful and very kind. She's really sincere and has a good heart. She is my best friend, my lover and my soulmate. Not to mention she's a great actress. I wish her all the success in her acting career.
Amber is one of the most beautiful actresses I've seen.
She a lovely and considerate person!!! She's so beautiful and talented, I had the honor of meeting her and she treated me like a friend! I wish her all the best :)
Heard is one lucky girl, I was a fashion model like her in my younger days. I have to say she is very beautiful and stylish, and very charming. I always have a secret crush on her.
She's smart and brave. She's beautiful and charming. She's funny and smart. She's a fighter for animal rights. And she had the guts to stand up to Johnny Depp's management and press charges against Johnny. #Respect
She is so sweet and pretty. She is also a great actress. She is a kind of girl I want to be...
She is a one-of-a-kind rare Hollywood actress. True, she is gorgeous, but her real beauty is in her heart. She's like the diamond in the rough!
From the day we met her in last summer, we can say that she is the most beautiful, sweetest, and down-to-earth actress. The best thing is she's willing to take pictures with us and sign our posters.
She's pretty, intelligent and gorgeous. She's so versatile and cool that she makes it seems so easy. Oh, and did I mention she's gorgeous?
Not everyone can be that good, because there's only one in a million. But you noe, the thing about "one in a million" is that it happens only once, and that's exactly what Amber Heard is!
If you're interested in a vengeful woman with a very beautiful face, check out her. She's the most exquisite person to me.
She is so gorgeous and pretty. She is a truly class, sweet woman.
Her strength, her sincerity, her natural sexiness and her beautiful soul. She can be a movie star, but she will always be a star.
This young woman is so beautiful. More importantly, she has what we call the good sense in her. She perfectly knows what she wants and how to get it. A true role model!!!!
She is beautiful in her own way. She is so sweet, kind, smart, beautiful and so on. She is so awesome and cute. She is just perfect and I'm so proud of her.
I read somewhere that the people know you because of the roles you play but they love you for who you are. I think this is true with Amber Heard! Being so young and so professional, she has been able to take roles to new heights and succeed, with that she still has time to appreciate
I have learned that she is a very nice person. She was born in Austin, Texas on April 22 1987. I know she's very nice because my sister is friends with a girl who lives in New York and they are really good friends.
She is one of the most successful actresses of our generation. She also has a gorgeous body and not to mention she's a fashion-forward type of girl.