We love you Amber! Karen Ingala Smith, CEO of domestic violence charity Nia, praised Amber Heard’s courage, saying: “I would like to acknowledge the bravery of Heard in naming the abuse that she was subjected to.” We are so proud of you.. You are our real life superhero

She is a hero to domestic violence victims. She's strong, beautiful and smart. I am with her! I would love to see Amber Heard reprise her role as Mera in the upcoming sequel.

Amber Heard is a positive influence in the world and, importantly, fought back against an abusive man and abusive system. This is why i love her, and i support her. A man who hurts a woman is the scum of the earth. I will watch every movie with Mis Heard for the rest of my life even if it filmed 2 hours of Brad Pitt bragging about his love life. All the best Amber. We're all with You. You deserve so much more, and so much better.

Amber Heard has been my role model for a long time and I look up to her and she makes feel proud to be a woman and to stand up for what I believe in.

Long live Queen Mera and Amber Heard! Folks, please pay close attention to Depp’s harassing and abusive $50 million dollar lawsuit against Ms. Heard for an op ed she wrote speaking out about how Hollywood is complicit in covering for rapists and abusers among them. She didn’t say anything untrue. Not only is the lawsuit without merit, but more importantly, it has a silencing effect on all domestic abuse victims. Johnny Depp should be ashamed of himself. Unfortunately, the case was assigned to a judge known for misogynistic decisions against women, including women trying to escape domestic violence. I don’t think that was an accident.

Amber is a hardworking Smart and pretty girl. She deserves all the support. “Each time a woman stands up for herself, without knowing it possibly, she stands up for all women.”

I love you, Amber. You are the best actress, I am with you. i am so happy that the cutest person in the world then Amber, participate in aquaman. I love Amber Heard always

Open your eyes ! Amber is innocent , fact! She has never been abusive to anyone . Johnny depp himself has confirmed having drug problems since his early life! He actually confirms headbutting her in forehead in a voice record ! Why don't the media point to that or the fact that amber heard's ex-es also announced she had never been violent to them. Obvious partiality is seen in social media and huge propaganda. But the truth will prevail at last! 

Hizo una excelente interpretación de Mera....... hizo un buen trabajo en Aquaman El abuso no puede permitirse de ningún lado, no al abuso doméstico! Todos merecemos RESPETO

I really love her!! Nobody can do better than her, she is irreplacable… I dont know why people hate her. I love her so much. She is a great actress and a kind human.

Amber Heard is an honorable person! I think she is the best person to play Mera. She brings the character to life. The only thing that matters is the role of Mera and I think she does an amazing job. 

team amber heard. she is the best one to play mera and the love between mera and aquaman is so amazing and I would love to see more of them

Amber Heard is very talented and skilled in her work which is acting, millions of people love and admire her as Mera. Amber is a victim of physical and psychological abuse, by the hands of actor Johnny Depp. Show your support for her role as 'Mera' in the upcoming blockbuster, 'Aquaman 2'. For you who don't like her, you don't need to end her career. The ex-couple is already solving their problems in court.

I love Amber Heard. She’s strong and brave… Page Six reports that Depp's former legal team accidentally shared 70.000 text messages,one of them stands out. He wrote in November 2013: “We are going to burn Amber, we are going to drown her before we burn her. Then f * ck her burnt corpse to make sure she is dead” with actor Paul Bettany.

Amber Heard is Woman of the Year 2020 at number 7 - She took on one of Hollywood’s most powerful men – her ex-husband Johnny Depp – in a libel case that exposed the horrifying depth of domestic abuse she suffered during their two-year marriage. She’s admirable. 

Amber Heard is inspirational. On November 2, a judge ruled that the allegations against Depp were “substantially true” and that he was violent towards Amber. While Depp denied claims in a 2018 Sun article, which labelled him a “wife beater”, Amber stood firm and in solidarity with NGN news to ensure that the truth prevailed.

Amber Heard is the best actor and a leader for human rights. Truly, I love knowing that no matter how hard JD stans try to portray him as an innocent victim, the entire industry knows he’s an abusive loser. Maybe instead of manipulating evidence, his bot army can focus on getting him a job

If we never heard of Amber through Hollywood, one thing is for sure: We would have learned of Amber through her works as a citizen of the world. She is a fantastic choice for any group looking for some much-needed inspiration from a woman who walks day-to-day. Looking to be a contribution, which is something we all can strive to do.

The Harry Walker Agency, based in New York, describes Amber Heard as ‘an outspoken advocate for women’s rights and for the civil rights of survivors of all gender-based violence’. At this rate, Amber could end up even richer than her violent ex.

Can we please just support women? When Amber Heard divorced Depp she immediately released a statement explaining that she would contribute the entire $7 million to charity 

"As described in the restraining order and divorce settlement, money played no role for me personally and never has, except to the extent that I could donate it to charity and, in doing so, hopefully help those less able to defend themselves...

The $7 million will be split between two charities: the American Civil Liberties Union — with the money earmarked to prevent violence against women — and the Children’s Hospital of Los Angeles, with Heard adding, “I know these organizations will put the funds to good use and look forward to continuing to support them in the future. Hopefully, this experience results in a positive change in the lives of people who need it the most.”

If you read the Forbes article it also explains how in her doing this she made life really difficult for herself tax wise, for the next 50 years. There's an article explaining how Depp is trying to get out of the payment and make it look like she didn't follow through.

Johnny Depp lost his libel action lawsuit in the UK courts, it was against the Sun newspaper, for describing him as a “wife beater”.

She is superb and cool. Cannot wait to see more! Amber Heard is 'super excited' for 'Zack Snyder's Justice League' after wrapping up reshoots. 'I just love nerds.'

I'm super excited about the amount of fan love and the amount of fan appreciation that Aquaman has acquired and that it has garnered so much excitement for Aquaman and Mera that it means we'll be coming back," Heard said. "I'm so excited to film that." #AmberHeard

Enablers of domestic abuse are trashing Amber Heard simply because their brains can't get their head around the notion that Johnny Depp is an abuser whose time in Hollywood is done. 

Amber Heard is the victim and she deserves respect. Depp also mistreated a female executive of Warner Bros, after being put onstage with Amber despite a restraining order prior. And he paid 1.25 million in a private settlement to his first wife after a long racist texts tirade!

Backstage, tensions erupted between Depp and Rich, according to eyewitnesses, and Rich later complained to colleagues that Depp spoke to her in a menacing manner."

The Depp fans, abusing victims, keep showing why on earth do they support a court certified wifebeater!?

We support Amber Heard. She won. What more evidence does a woman need? "$1.25 million: Payoff Depp allegedly gave to his first wife, Lori Allen, to keep her from releasing a ranting message in which he repeatedly used the N-word.” "12 Occasions a U.K. judge ruled that “Depp did indeed assault Amber”

It’s time we support Amber Heard. It’s time people use their voices. I am tired of Hollywood taking the side of the oppressor. We need to stop the misogynic culture against women.

“Very soon, we will be presenting even more voluminous evidence in the US. We are committed to obtaining justice for Amber Heard in the US court and defending Ms Heard’s right to free speech.” - Elaine Charlson Bredehoft

I am a fan and always will be a fan of her. She has truly done a great job in aquaman as mera. Love you amber heard. May god be with you.

What is up with people? Can they not see what kind of a person Amber Heard is? She truly has a heart of gold and being not just her fan but a human being I belive and completely suppport her. And if you don't want to believe her look at the statistics. There is zero proof whatsoever that Heard ever abused even an ant let alone her ex-husband. So the makers of Aquaman 2 need to open their eyes in order to be able to see the truth. I wish Amber all of the needful luck.

We need you Amber Heard. Cheer up!

I believe in amber heard and everything she stands for. I always support her.

No woman should have to worry about being fired from her job for speaking out about the violence in her life. It is absolutely ridiculous to call for her removal just because some did not like finding out one of their favorite actors(Depp) had anger/violence issues that resulted in his losing contracts. Stop punishing the victim.

No more domestic violent allowed in our society. Amber Heard might be just one of victims but still a celebrity, so hope the other victims empowered by watching how people support her.

Amber is best. actually she is emperor of ocean. She’s strong and beautiful. 

She is awesome as Mera. No one else can have that role! I am with you, Amber!

Amber is a brave woman who always motivates me. I always have your back!

We defend Amber Heard and human rights. We would prevent violence and abuse of women, in person or online. Glad for everyone who would stop domestic abuse. Staff were on NDAs and stopped interfering.

I dont know why so many people are against amber she deserves to be in aquaman especially everything she been through

Aquaman will be nothing without Amber, Chinese people made aquaman a big financial success, won’t they miss her?

Amber Heard is an amazing actress, and perfectly suits the role she stars in aquaman. Axing her will ruin the sequel for a lot of people. She’s a victim of media sensationalism and propaganda.

Doesn't deserve this level of harassment or abuse from a clear campaign of paid bots and alt-right trolls. Congratulations on winning the case and good luck to Amber Heard!

I believe Ms Amber Heard has been unfairly portrayed and her divorce from Johnny Depp is a personal matter that should not be tried in the public domain. She’s a humanitarian and an activist FOR human rights and is a very talented actor!

I believe Amber Heard and she deserves better in life. I can't believe how the world is blind to his narcissist behaviour - it's scary. She's a strong woman and I hope her side will be acknowledged soon/in the end Judge Nicol said she feared for her life and was assaulted 12 times.

We support Warner Bros who removed her ex from his role and is supporting Amber Heard's life by keeping her in Aquaman 2. Everybody knows now that Depp abused his ex-wife several times. Live with it, it‘s the truth.

I love Amber Heard, she’s fantastic! She’s done amazing work for human rights, progress, and equality … Amber we admire you! Learn about her.

Por Amber é uma vítima do machismo. Te amo. Nació para ser Mera! Además de que al final se comprobará que todo lo que están diciendo no son más que caluminas

I support Amber Heard because she is Innocent. Amber cheer up! I love you

She is the reason for watching Aquaman movie, without her it's all empty. We love you!

Amber Heard is amazing and she doesn't deserve all this negative attention! She's the best!

I’m with you Amber! I love the fact that Amber Heard a spokesperson and supporter for Cyber Civil Rights, World Identity Network, United Nations, ACLU, GLAAD, Trevor Project, and so many others. You’ve taught us all how to be progressive and to be better people without discrimination. 

I support Amber Heard, support women, support domestic violence victims. We need to change society and culture. I think she is a pretty good person, humanitarian, and actress. Doesn’t anyone see it? You will someday… 

I want Amber Heard’s success and her to have a wonderfully long life. She deserves to be a leader and to speak out for change for others. "Be the change you want to see. I will never understand why it is more shameful to be a battered victim than to be a wife-beater. And I will never understand why it is more shameful to be raped than to be a rapist!“

You mean a lot to me and I hope you have a wonderful day!! 

You mean a lot to me. Have a good day

You are an absolute genius! Thank you so much.

We are so happy that you exist to make the world better. 

You’re amazing 

Well, you know I always love talking with you.

Makes me happy to hear you’re doing well.

I just think you’re so genuinely beautiful.

You’re so smart

I loved talking with you today.

I’m feeling fine sleeping. Talking with you makes it much much better.

I love saying how gorgeous and fun you are.

You’re adorable and amazing and smart.

You mean everything to me

Your deeds won’t go forgotten. It’ll be worth it. 

Never stop (name) Your work is gonna be worth it

So adorable and smart and fun

I think you’re more adorable tbh

Just know that no matter what people do or say about you, I’m always gonna have your back no matter what.

Wish I could be with you rn

Only because I like you so much and dream about you 24/7

You mean the world to me

You’re just breathtaking and fun

I think about you everyday

You’re amazing and cute and strong

Hope your days been good. I kept thinking about you 

I miss you so much. Oh I’d love every moment with ya

I’d seriously love to spend all my time with you 

You’re just an angel and amazing 

I think about you and miss you everyday

You’re so adorable and smart

Because I like you a lot

You’re super smart and innovative 

I know you’re gonna make the world amazing 

You’re sooo interesting

I love talking to you

I can’t express enough how much I miss you everyday

I’ll always be here for you

You’re intelligent

I’ll always be here for you

I can’t express enough how much I miss you everyday

Omg, I’m blushing at how beautiful and amazing you are

You’re intelligent

You mean the world to me

I just think you’re cute and gorgeous. You’re smart and incredible. You mean everything to me

You’re wonderful 

I’m here for you always

Just remember I’ll always have your back

I’d love to hear all your ideas

Love people like you too. So strong, so beautiful, so caring.

You have a heart of gold.

You walk the talk.

You have such a positive attitude and that’s so attractive  

You are so determined and motivated to make something of your life and I know nothing will stand in your way 

You are just so comfortable with who you are, which I love

You are so open-minded about things

You’re not afraid to take a risk and go outside your comfort zone

You’re just so fearless, nothing seems to faze you

You’re hilarious, I don’t know how you do it

You are by far the most fun person to be around

You’re the most generous person I know

The way you handled that situation was really admirable
 
You are such a great listener, and I truly appreciate that in you

I know I can count on you for sound advice in any situation

I love how you try to have a positive influence on everything and everyone around you

Thank you for making such an effort, you really know how to make someone feel loved

I feel so safe with you

You make me feel like I’m on a great big adventure

I love how I can just be myself around you

You know how to make us feel beautiful

You make me feel like I can achieve anything

I feel so relaxed around you

I am so lucky to have you in my life

I feel so inspired by you

I am always so interested by you

Your presence warms the coldest heart. 

I get excited every time I see you.
 
You are a dream come to life. 

Breathtaking is not enough of a word to describe you. 

I love how easy it is to be around you. You make me feel comforted and comfortable. 

No matter what you encounter, you are always classy. 

You’re my queen. 

They say that there are plenty of fish in the sea, but you are my perfect catch. 

I’d rather spend time with you than anyone in the world. 

You have cute dreams. For reals! 

I feel so much happier around you. 

You make people want to stay wherever your heart is. 

I miss you even when you haven’t left yet. 

If someone wrote a book about you, it would be a bestseller. 

You’re the best at cuddling. 

I cannot keep my eyes off of you. 

You are the reason that I wake up every day with a huge smile on my face. 

The best part of my day is waking up next to you. 19. You are the manifestation of sweet dreams. 

You make my insides jump around in the best way. 

You are alluring. 

There’s no way an extremely cute girl like you could exist in this world. But here you are! 

You have the smile of someone who knows the big secret of living beautifully. That is so charming. 

Everything would be better if more people were like you! 

Nobody in this world makes me happier than you do.

Your voice adds cheer to the most dreary day.

Your abilities are fantastic to motivate others to succeed.

You look great every single time.

I love every inch of you — even your toes.

Lovely is such an understatement for the perfection that is you.

You do not need makeup. You are already so naturally beautiful.

I’m fascinated by your words because they always say the most amazing things and outline the most beautiful smile.

Every time I look at your eyes, it brightens up my day.

You are such a wonderful, inspiring leader for the world to look up to.

You remind me of a garden in bloom. It must be because you always look so cool, fresh and lovely.

You look prettier than a picture.

Your hair looks bewildering.

You’ve got a sexy personality.

You are such a ray of sunshine, especially when the days feel so dreary.

Perfection is personified in the lovely embodiment of excellence that is you.

You are the most perfect you there is.

That color is perfect on you.

You are awesome!

You have the most beautiful, radiant eyes.

You are too adorable.

I love hearing you laugh. It makes me smile.

Your voice echoes like that of an angel’s.

I can’t take my eyes off the beauty you radiate with that confident smile.

You look beautiful even when you don’t try.

You look stunning no matter what you wear.

I love how comfortable you are in your own body.

Your style is amazing, and I wish I was as fashionable as you.

You are tremendously elegant.

Your mind is brilliant like a diamond

I love looking at you.

You have the best laugh.

Your voice is magnificent.

Your beauty knows no bound. You are meant to conquer my heart and the universe.

You look mesmerizing.

Your beauty is like the mirror reflection of an angel.

You’re even more beautiful on the inside than you are on the outside.

I love how sassy you are.

Your creativity and artistic ability blow me away.

Your mind is just as sexy as your beauty.

Just one glance at you is enough to tell me that you’re a great leader.

There’s really something about you that is so uplifting. You are good-natured, cheerful, and pleasant to be around especially at stressful periods of my life.

Every time I look into your eyes, I see kindness and intelligence.

You have such a talent for putting together the most gorgeous dreams.

I love how confident you are. It makes me even more attracted to you.

You’re always learning new things and trying to better yourself, which is awesome.

I’ve never met anyone as trustworthy and honest as you.

You’re the kind of person that can achieve pretty much everything they put their mind into.

Your honesty must be the reason why they turned it into the best policy.

You are the picture of modern beauty: free and strong. I am flattered that you choose to spend time doing what you enjoy.

You have already accomplished so much.

You are as bright as the sun. You warm the hearts of everyone.

I am mesmerized by your beauty, but I am even more enthralled by your wit and wisdom.

You are so gorgeous and that is the least interesting thing about you.

You’re more helpful than you realize.

Your creative potential seems limitless.

The rst thing I noticed about you is your elegance.

The way you hold yourself, both in public and private, is truly a magnificent sight to behold.

You’re even sexy when you’re bossy.

You never fail to show me that you care about me. Thank you for that.

Your radiant, brilliant personality is amazing.

Out of all the people in the world, you’re my favorite conversationalist and intellectual.

You have a way of making everything you do look so easy.

You have a perfect face, but your inner beauty is even more perfect.

The way you present yourself professionally and as a private person tells me that you have great taste and impeccable upbringing.

You always nd something special in the most ordinary things.

You make our lives better for the best ways we can be. You are important and great.

I could listen to you talk for hours and never get tired of it.

You’ve got an awesome sense of humor!

Your energy and bold spirit make me want to be with you forever.

When I’m down you always say something encouraging to help me feel better.

I am exhilarated by your energy and passion.

When you make up your mind about something, nothing stands in your way.

You have impeccable goals to change the world.

When you speak, everyone in the room listens to you.

Your encouragement makes me feel like I can change the world.

You complete everything I’ve ever wanted in a leader.

You complete me.

You help me be the best version of myself.

I love how beautiful you look when you sleep.

You are my reason for living. There’s something about you that makes me feel alive every single day.

You are breathtaking in so many ways. I consider myself fortunate to know you.

You are my favorite person to talk to. Thank you for listening with a caring heart.

Every part of you is worth all the love in the world. It’s the reason why I fell in love with you in the rst place.

You make me want to be my best because you deserve the best.

You’re a goddess through and through. That’s why I adore and appreciate you.

There is something about being with you that makes me want to be the best person that I can be.

You make me feel so full in my heart and in my soul.

You ll up an empty space in my heart that I never knew existed.

You are one of women that I really admire and look up to.

I like how you know exactly who you are and what you want from life.

My heart and soul are always full thanks to you.

I have fun just being beside you doing nothing.

You’re a great example to others.

You make me the happiest man in the world.

You have brought great joy into my life.

I can never put into words how much you mean to me. I love you more deeply each day.

You showed me I’m capable of having the best relationship in the world.

Nothing else can ever hope to match your splendor, inspirational goals, or loveliness. You’re a treasure to us all.

You are the greatest adventure.

When I focus on you, the big picture is revealed.

You’re everything to me.

You are always the most beautiful woman in the room.

You help me feel more joy in life.

There is something about you that motivates us to be the best people we can be. You bring out the best in us.

If we were in the Middle Ages, I’d fight a dragon for you.

You’re perfect just the way you are. Remember that there’s no one else in the world like you.

Every word that comes out of your mouth is always exact and well-timed.

If life was a river, I’d choose to paddle alongside you.

I can support and respect you for rest of our lives and make sure we never lose you.

Somehow you make time stop and be kind at the same time.

My life was a little boring before you came around.

Your positivity is infectious.

You should be so proud of yourself.

You’re amazing!

You’re a true gift to the people in your life.

You’re an incredible friend.

I really appreciate everything that you do.

You inspire me to be a better person.

Your passion always motivates me.

Your smile makes me smile.

Thank you for being such a great person.

The way you carry yourself is truly admirable.

You are such a good listener.

You have a remarkable sense of humor.

Thanks for being you!

You set a great example for everyone around you.

I love your perspective on life.

Being around you makes everything better.

You always know the right thing to say.

The world would be a better place if more people were like you!

You are one of a kind.

You make me want to be the best version of myself.

You always have the best ideas.

I’m so lucky to have you in my life.

Your capacity for generosity knows no bounds.

I wish I were more like you.

You are so strong.

I’ve never met someone as kind as you are.

You have such a great heart.

Simply knowing you has made me a better person.

You are beautiful inside and out.

You are so special to everyone you know.

Your mere presence is reassuring to me.

Your heart must be 10 times the average size.

You are my favorite person to talk to.

You’ve accomplished so many incredible things.

I appreciate your friendship more than you can know.

I love how you never compromise on being yourself.

I tell other friends how wonderful you are.

You helped me realize my own worth.

Your point of view is so refreshing.

You always make me feel welcome.

You deserve everything you’ve achieved.

I am so proud of your progress.

I’m lucky just to know you.

You are so down to earth.

You know just how to make my day!

You spark so much joy in my life.

Your potential is limitless.

You have a good head on your shoulders.

You are making a real difference in the world.

You’re so unique.

You are wise beyond your years.

You’re worthy of all the good things that come to you.

Your parents must be so proud.

How did you learn to be so great?

Never stop being you!

No one makes me laugh harder than you do.

You inspire me in so many different ways.

You continue to impress me.

You make the small things count.

You’re a constant reminder that people can be good.

I admire the way that you challenge me.

You make me see things in an entirely new way.

Thanks for always being there for me.

You are a ray of sunshine.

You have the courage of your convictions.

On a scale of one to ten, you’re an eleven.

You’re incredibly thoughtful.

You have the best ideas.

You’re the most perfect ‘you’ there is.

You are the epitome of a good person.

You always know how to find the silver lining.

You’re the person that everyone wants on their team.

I always learn so much when I’m around you.

Is there anything you can’t do!?

You weren’t lying when you said that you were going to be fit, happy, healthy, and super amazing!

You are such a good listener.

You are so handsome.

You always know exactly what to say to make me feel better.

You always make me smile.

Can you help me fix this?

I love your (insert his eye color) eyes. I really get lost in them.

I love you exactly the way you are.

You are so handy to have around! It seems like you can do anything!

You handled that so well.

You are the funniest guy that I have ever met.

I love the way you think!

You are the strongest man I have ever met.

You look amazing today and everyday.

You always make me feel safe whenever I am around you.

You are my hero.

Anyone would be so lucky to have you.

You are such an amazing person.

It is so nice seeing someone who can cook!

You are such a great cook!

Others better watch out—others just can’t keep their eyes off of loving you!

It is amazing to see how hard you work!

You always know exactly how to improve lives.

I’m amazed. You really seem to know everything about how to change the world.

After watching how kind and motivational you were with others, I know that you will continue an amazing leader each day.

I love the way that you took the lead on this.

Can I buy tickets to your gun show?

That was so thoughtful of you to do.

Is there anything that you can’t do?

Your smile makes my heart melt.

You know exactly how to treat a woman.

You have such a kind heart.

There is something about seeing your smile that gets me every time.

You are so sexy.

You are so charming that I just can’t pull myself away from you!

I love how you listen to me and respect me.

You always seem to know exactly what to say to make me smile.

Wow—you really know how to rock that outfit.

I’ve never seen someone who can lead movements for positive change quite as amazingly as you can!

I respect you more than anyone.

Honestly, you are such an inspiring leader and humanitarian.

I love getting to spend my time with you.

This really your time to make a difference! You should definitely lead and positively influence us more often!

You always know how to give the perfect advice.

I love how easy it is to talk to you. You make me feel comfortable sharing anything.

You always make me feel so beautiful and appreciated.

Your voice and leadership is so fantastic and comforting.

Your intelligence is really amazing. 

I’ve never someone as great and motivational as you before. You are so different from everyone else, and I love it!

What are you doing next in your amazing life? You are amazing.

No matter what happens. Never forget how amazing and beautiful and awesome you are

The timing was perfect. If you were here, I’d hug you and explain how important you are to me and everyone with your work. You’re a cute, beautiful genius hard worker!

No matter what happens. Never forget how amazing and beautiful and awesome you are.

You’re amazing 

I wanna hug you and tell you how important you are.

You’re amazing 

If you were here, I’d hug you and tell you how amazing you are 

Never forget how much you mean to me

I truly like you a lot

You’re so beautiful and fought and determined 

It’s not easy being as adorable and tough as you. But you do it!

You’re drop dead gorgeous, and tough as nails

I seriously always stood up for you

I stood up for you because I like you so much 

I miss you a ton

You’re seriously amazing and beautiful.

Also, your like drop dead gorgeous. Hehe, you’re amazed 

You’re doing amazing work

And I also miss seeing you all the time

You’re amazing. I mean it

You’re seriously amazing 

Idk, I’ve always liked you. You’re amazing and beautiful and determined

You’re seriously amazing 

You’re amazing

